Give this card to the CAR and take one more chance card. CAR: On your next turn, drone to any free space and buy it. If there are no free spaces, you must buy one from another player!
Advance to START. Receive $2.
Move up to 5 spaces forward.
FREE FIELD! Advance to an orange square. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
Move 1 space forward, or take one more chance card.
Give this card to the SHIP, one more chance card is taken. SHIP: On your next turn, sail to any free space and buy it. If there are no nose free cousins, you must buy one from another player!
You have eaten too much candy. PAY to the bank.
FREE FIELD! Advance to an orange or green field. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD! Advance to a light blue square. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
You will be released without charge. Keep this card until you need it.
Advance to the Strandpromenade.
Give this card to the CAT and take one more chance card. CAT: On your next turn, list to any free space and buy it. If there are no free spaces, you must buy one from another player!
Give this card to the DOG and take one more chance card. DOG: On your next turn, jump onto any free space and buy it. If there are no free spaces, you must buy one from another player!
It's your birthday! Everyone gives you Ml. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
FREE FIELD! Advance to a pink or dark blue field. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
You've done all your homework! RECEIVE M2 from the bank.
FREE FIELD! Advance to a red field. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD! Head to the Skaterparken to make the perfect grind! If no one owns it, you get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD! Advance to a light blue or red field. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.
FREE FIELD! Move forward to a brown or yellow field. If it's available, you'll get it for FREE! Otherwise, you must PAY rent to the owner.